the 50 a car of the year is the Porsche
Boxster the original Boxster was
brilliant
but this one is even better okay it may
not look much different it's actually
80% all new the interior is much
classier the engines we operated in fact
I can't think of any car that gives a
better Drive on the road and when we
wanted to find out if this new Boxster
could do something the old one couldn't
beat that BMW said for around a
racetrack it led to an the most
fun-filled days at work we've ever had
possible
on their own rated on the brakes only to
doesn't trust these brakes too much
that's why he first gear from trouble
to change I've lost a bit of space
right is Anita but now he doesn't like
these fast lengths so much he's not
getting away but I can't see any places
that I've been taking either it's that
close there baby oh boy he's still right
up me bum that's how I do
are they fast but then like in the war
women see where he's better
very kind gesture
dropping me still sitting there breaking
he's not very government breaks I was I
have to get the first gear
Repsol now is right up in flipping JA
but he's at the inside of me but shock
people
oh she's concentrating
break myself I can smell the breaks
it just shows about the escape road the
Zed for had thrown in the towel there
was very little to choose between the
cars but in the end it came down to a
question of heritage and there's nothing
quite like saying you own a Porsche it's
a pretty worthy here Car of the Year